# What's new in 2023?

## 🖥️ Hybrid Format
For the first time ever, the hackathon will have a hybrid attendance format. Meaning you can attend the hackathon fully virtually. But if you are attending [SIIM 2023](https://siim.org/page/siim23_about_siim23), or want to, then there will face-to-face activities you are encouraged to join. Again, these activities are totally optional, so as much as we'd love to see you at SIIM 2023, attending in-person/travel is not required. Find out more [here](https://siim.org/page/hacking_healthcare).


## 🛡️ Social Media Badge
We want you to proudly show off your SIIM Hackathon participation and help us spread the word. Please download our [social media badge](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11SuIr5Vt2yArA58CWOD0HDHkgG5SKX1p/view?usp=share_link) and use it to boast on social media (LinkedIn, Twitter, etc).


## 💡️ Idea Pitch Form (and team assembly)
The freedom to pick and choose your projects that you know and love at the SIIM hackathon is still there. 

But for those who prefer a more structured approach, or want to browse ideas currently being mulled for this year's hackathon, we have an [idea pitch form](https://forms.gle/GJxhwfDxv1q3UyGv7) where you suggest ideas/projects to tackle this year and nominate a team lead (yourself or something else).

If you want to see what projects/ideas have been pitched, you can see the [live results spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19tWRF7e_zwDvFsXIneAuLHAcImYTxjGi0cIkZDcXFOY/edit?usp=sharing).


## ☢️ SIIM Hackathon Dataset is Growing!
Last year we added DICOM samples from other specialities. This year, we have begun integrating them into the open-source [hackathon dataset](https://github.com/ImagingInformatics/hackathon-dataset). This way, those images will have corresponding FHIR (i.e. EMR) resources reflecting a perfect-world integration use case. Additionally, some patient personas will now have both Radiology and non-Radiology images under one patient jacket.

As of April 5th, 2023, we have integrated A. Radiation Therapy and B. Dentistry Cone Beam CT samples, we are working on Dermatology, Pathology and Ophthalmology next.


## 🙌️ Kept from last year
  * E-badges, as announced [last year](./2022.md)


## 💤️ Deprecated
  * Private Ethereum Network (Blockchain implementation). However, we've updated the [instructions](../apis/ethereum-blockchain-intro.md) to show you how to run your own.


