# What's new in 2024?

## 💡️ A New Idea Pitch Form 
The freedom to pick and choose your projects that you know and love at the SIIM hackathon will always be there.

But for those who prefer a more structured approach, or want to browse ideas currently being mulled for this year's hackathon, we have an [idea pitch form](https://forms.gle/us52mNyxg8o7TtQT9) where you suggest ideas/projects to tackle this year and nominate a team lead (yourself or something else).

If you want to see what projects/ideas have been pitched, you can see the [live results spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/160Ph4t0BxKb1L-Mv_Bq7867yHEXonBxrslgUf-EixmY/edit?usp=sharing).


## ☢️ Yet Again, The SIIM Hackathon Dataset is Growing!
* As of February, 2024. We are now up to 10 `Patients` and 54 `ImagingStudy` resources. Thanks to all volunteer & contributors.
* We are working on integrating pathology studies into the dataset (both FHIR and DICOM)


## 🔥️ FHIR R5 and R4
We are feverishly working to clean up our dataset for better R4 compliance, then we are upgrading the dataset to R5. By the time the [Hackathon Event](../getting-started/hackathon-event.md) starts, we expect to have an endpoint for each, R4 and R5. Updates will be posted here!

Additionally, we will be working on updating a subset of our `DiagnosticReport` resources to feature [IHE Interactive Multimedia Report (IMR)](https://profiles.ihe.net/RAD/IMR/volume-1.html) hyperlinks to images.


## 🙌️ Kept from last year
  * The hybrid format with the longer timelime - it was a hit!
  * E-badges, [yet again]](./2022.md)


## 💤️ Deprecated
  * Nothing yet!